JSDK-2920: consolidate RTP stats when multiple found (#128)
twilio/twilio-webrtc.js: CHANGELOG.md

4.3.2 (In Progress)
===================

Bug Fixes
---------

> - Fixed a bug where only one of the outbound track were returned even though multiple tracks are sent when simulcast is enabled. (JSDK-2920)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed a bug where `getStats()` returned stats for only one of the temporal layers of a VP8 simulcast MediaStreamTrack. (JSDK-2920)
```
